==Welcome to WDI-CONF!
===============================
To set up:

fork the repo to your own github repo.
clone from your own github to your local computer.
Then set up locally:

configure .gitignore
configure your database.yml and add to .gitignore
bundle install
Do whatever mac thing you need to do.
rake db:create
rake db:migrate
rails server (or rails s)
in browser go to localhost:3000 to see if it all worked.


=== About the site:
WDI Conf is a website created for a semi-fictional tech conference. The site was based on current design trends found on many conference websites, namely; centre-aligned text, subtle animations to guide you through the site and a simple colour palate.


=== Team roles:
Greg: Front-end, back-end. Ticking system
Bono: Front-end, back-end, payment, ticketing ststem
Asep: Git Lord, CSS master, email
Ravi: Frongt-end, login in authentication, tweets
Ashton: CSS


=== What we used:
- Trello for project management
- Ruby on Rails
- Javascript Libraries: Jquery, Underscore 
- CSS
- Postgresql
- API: stripe.com, tweeter.com


===  What worked 
- Clearly defined roles 
- Opportunities for partner coding
- Deployment for the site from the initial stages of the project
- Clear concept about the content and features to be built, revised when needed
- Everyone got to work with their strengths
- Most members took a risk and tried something new
- A relaxed environment


=== What didn’t
- GitHub glitches
- Features put together doesnt work out properly
- Not as reponsive as designed


=== Things I may want to cover:

* Ruby on Rails

* Javascript

* Database creation, initialization, 

* Payment API, tweeter API, email API

* Ticketing system 

* Deployment instructions

* ...
